Bar Finder

Bar Finder is an application that allows a user to search for bars in the area. The user is first taken to a landing page, with a slide show of images. Clicking on the "Search for a Bar" button takes the user to the "Create an Account" page. After the user has created an account and has logged in (or has just logged in), the user is redirected to the search form, where the user can search by location, name of bar, or type of bar. After hitting Submit, the user is given a list of bars. The user is given the option to add a bar to his/her Favorites (only available with an account and after having logged in) by clicking on "Add To Favorites". The user can also choose to search for drinks by clicking on "Trying To Make Drinks At Home?" The user can then search by cocktail name or by type of liquor. The user will then be given the results with instructions on how to make the desired drink. The user is also able to add these to his/her Favorites. By clicking on the Favorites link in the navbar, the user can access his/her favorites in one page and can also choose to clear selected, or all, of the listed Favorites.

This application uses JavaScript and jQuery, as well as HTML and CSS, including Bootstrap and Semantic UI. Firebase is used to store users' login information. Three APIs are used in this app: one for the bar information, one for the information on drinks and how to make them, and Google Maps, which allows us to show the location of the searched for bar on a map. The fonts used ('Lato' and 'Alegreya') come from Google Fonts. The favicon and the icons used are from Font Awesome. Finally, the images used in the slide show and background come from https://www.pexels.com/.
